docs: w3up-client README replace links to old tsdoc with links to correct/new tsdoc from monorepo (#1218)
web3-storage/w3up: packages/w3up-client/README.md

#### Delegating from Space to Agent

> In order to store data with w3up, your Agent will need a delegation from a Space. This automatically happens if you called `Account#provision` on a space. However, if you are initializing the client with a previously created Space, you can `login(email)` then claim a delegation granted to the account associated with your email:

Reviewer: I think login does this automatically - i.e. no need to call `await capability.access.claim()`

Author: https://github.com/web3-storage/w3up/pull/1218/commits/6c4262793307ea72420ea623a4da16cb67eff26d
https://github.com/web3-storage/w3up/pull/1218/commits/3fd0800fa6c9f1db1bbc895daa0bd2432f2357e7

> In order to store data with w3up, your Agent will need a delegation from a Space. This automatically happens if you called `Account#provision` on a space. However, if you are initializing the client with a previously created Space, you can `login(email)` then claim a delegation granted to the account associated with your email:

Author: ```suggestion
In order to store data with w3up, your Agent will need a delegation from a Space. This automatically happens if you called `createSpace`. However, if you are initializing the client with a previously created Space, you can `login(email)` then claim a delegation granted to the account associated with your email:
```
